# Network-architecture-for-a-new-Internet-startup-Games4All-G4A-
The product G4A has is an online game, similar to PUBG/Fortnight, but instead of 100 players, it's 1000 players per map, and the map is somewhat larger. As the map is larger and has more players, the solution to handle this is to use virtualized servers, hence they can spin up and down servers on-demand. However, they will only run one map per server. Each player needs around 256Kbps of up/down the speed to the server to have a good gaming experience. Furthermore, as the game is I/O intensive, to minimize I/O conflicts on a physical host, tests have shown that the number of virtual game servers should not exceed 3 per physical server. 
 
Consider a network architecture that enables the company to support 600 simultaneous games (600*1000 players), while minimizing the number of physical servers. Furthermore, assume a geographically distributed environment, where you would have servers in Europe (Madrid, Paris, Helsinki), Asia (China-Bejing, India-Hyderabad and South Korea (Seol), North America (San Jose, Austin, New York). The number of running games is distributed equally across all cities.   
 
All Cities are connected to the main site, to coordinate software updates, player information, etc. The traffic is proportional to the number of players in a city and is approximately 100Kbytes per game a player participates in. I.e. for every game that starts, each player will require 100Kbytes of data to be downloaded (from the main site) to the server at the City where the game will execute. The launch time for a game should be less than 30 seconds. When a game instance has 1000 players, it starts to download the player's data for each player from the main site, the completion time for this has to be between 10 and 20 seconds, in order to meet the 30 seconds launch window. The average game duration is 30 minutes, the maximum is 60minutes. Each site (city or main) should be connected to at least two independent ISPs, to have an active failover in the case one of them experiences some performance issues. 
